Now that the environment is U-V mapped Let's go ahead and work on the movies for the Mac.
I'll go ahead and just go to the layer that he's on.
Actually I should mention there are some things I don't think I'm going to use the map on this.
I think for things like the joints here at the shoulder or the elbow the hands and the joints at the
legs I probably won't do too much U-V mapping with fingers or even with the joints down here at the
feet.
The same may be true for the light fixture.
I'm not sure about that but.
And even this little gril thing I don't think we need to U-V map.
But the other parts of the body the upper arm lower arm the leg pieces things like that.
I'll probably go ahead and U-V map those just in case we need to add any scratches or dirt or anything
like that.
All right.
Let's go ahead and work on the body here.
So I'm going to go to my U-V editing view and I will isolate it and frame it up and let's take a look
at this.
I think first of all before I do this I'm going to turn off the subdivision surface modifier let me
go back to the default view and turn that off.
I don't think we need that on while we U-V map.
So how should we U-V map this how should we break this apart.
I think I'll select this edge here.
And the corresponding edge over here and press control.
And Mark seam I think we'll want to break those pieces out.
As well as the leg joints down here of like this edge and all shifted this and control E and Mark seem.
All right so we have those marks.
But what about the rest.
Let me hit the division key again on the numpad and it looks to me like what we could do is select edges
that are covered up by the backpack here and then connect to those edges to the shoulders and the legs.
So let's try that.
I'm going to work with these edges here and then I think I will come this way toward that edge to that
seam there.
And I also want to come this way to this scene here and I'll mark this and let's take these seams here
and go on a cross like we did and connect up to that scene and I'll mark that seam and then I'll take
this seam down on this side here as well.
And I'll also mark this seam right down here.
So control and Mark seems so these are the seams I've got marked right here.
Let's see if this works.
My thought is is that it will split it out it'll break the back off right and it'll break the shoulders
and the leg joints off.
And then this middle piece will unfold out around that circular part.
I'm going to select everything press the key and unwrap.
I kind of like the way it's unfolding here and with the back as a separate piece but there's some problems
here and I think I know what the problem is I think the problem is is we have some doubled up vertices
and I'm not sure where they are.
Maybe let's take one here and move it around.
It's hard to know where they are.
There it is.
So let me.
Here it is.
So notice I've got two vertices right on top of each other here.
All right.
That's not good.
And that's going to cause a problem with the use.
What I need to do is remove those double vertices and luckily enough if I select everything and press
the W key for the specials menu we have a tool called remove doubles so it'll just take any two vertices
that are on top of each other in the exact same location and merge them into one.
So let's run that and now let's select everything press the key and unwrap.
There we go.
That's a little better.
That probably happened when we did the Boolean operation at the very beginning.
So let's add a checker material to it.
Pull this down and select the checker material and there we go.
All right.
Let's take a look at this piece here.
I'm going to isolate it.
So I think we should be able just to select everything press you and unwrap and then there you go.
That's easy.
How about the rim here.
Is this something that we could unwrap fairly easily.
Let's take a look.
Let's isolate it.
It is single sided So I think we could unwrap it pretty easily.
Let's try this.
Select everything press you and unwrap.
Let's give it a checker material just to make sure
it's actually not too bad.
I think that'll be OK.
All right.
We should probably also give a check for material to this one as well to the cockpit glass just to make
sure it's OK.
Yeah.
That looks good.
The next piece.
Let's take a look at the jet pack here.
I'll isolate it and let's take a look at this.
I think once again I will go and turn off the subdivision surface modifier for this particular one just
for now turn off at least the visualization of it.
And I'll go back to the editing.
I think we could probably split this out here.
Since we're probably not going to see that seam and we could probably split up these here we could probably
put seams on this as well.
Let's give that a try and see how that unfolds.
I will mark seams and select everything and you and unwrap.
There isn't a whole lot of stretching.
Let's take a look at the checkered pattern.
Well it's kind of pulling here though.
I don't think that'll work.
So let's see what else we can do.
This has nonuniform scale.
Let's try that.
Let's press control a and apply the scale and then let's come back and try your U.V. mapping again.
A little bit better but still these are kind of small here and this is kind of big here.
It's kind of puzzling.
I think we may have to put seams right out here.
On the edges here let's see
Mark.
These seams and see how we're doing with this you unwrap.
And are we doing here.
That is quite a bit better.
There's not as much stretching We do have more visible seams but that may be the price we have to pay.
So we'll see how this works.